1.What feature collects company-specific data such asMember Status?
什麼功能可以收集公司特定的數據，例如會員身份？
Custom Dimension
自訂維度
2.Which kinds of hits does Google Analytics track?
Google Analytics（分析）會跟踪哪些類型的匹配？
All of the above
上述所有的
3.To recognize users across different devices, whatfeature must be enabled?
要識別不同設備上的用戶，功能必須啟用？
User ID
用戶身份
4.In Multi-Channel Funnel reports, how are defaultconversions credited?
在“多渠道路徑”報告中，默認設置如何轉換已記入？
Last campaign, search or ad
最後廣告系列，搜索或廣告
5.What report indicates the pages of a website whereusers first arrived?
什麼報告指出網站的頁面用戶首先到達？
Landing Pages report
著陸頁報告
6.What feature is required to send data from a web-connected device(like a point-of-sale 
system to Google Analytics?
從網絡連接的設備（例如銷售點系統）向Google Analytics（分析）發送數據需要什麼功能？
The Measurement Protocol
測量協議
7.What is not considered a default “medium” in GoogleAnalytics?
在Google分析中不被視為默認的“媒介”?
google
谷歌
8.What is the set of rules that determines how sales and conversions get 
credited based on touch-points in the conversion path?
根據轉化路徑中的接觸點確定銷售和轉化如何獲得功勞的規則是什麼？
Attribution modeling
歸因建模
9.What metric-dimension combination is not valid?
哪種度量維度組合無效？
Sessions / Bounce rate
會話數/跳出率
10.Which reports indicate how traffic arrived at a website?
哪些報告表明流量如何到達網站？
All Traffic
所有流量
11.In views that don’t have data import enabled, Custom Dimensions values may be viewed for dates 
before the Custom Dimension was created.
在未啟用數據導入的視圖中，可能會在創建“自定義維度”之前查看“自定義維度”值的日期。
TRUE
真的
12.Custom Dimensions can be used as what?
自定義尺寸可以用作什麼？
All of the above
上述所有的
13.What feature must be enabled to use Multi-Channel Funnels?
必須啟用什麼功能才能使用多渠道漏斗？
Goals or Ecommerce
目標或電子商務
14.What data table display compares report metrics to the website average?
數據表顯示將報告指標與網站的平均水平？
Comparison
比較
15.View filters are applied in what order?
視圖過濾器以什麼順序應用？
Sequential order
順序順序
16.Auto-tagging is used to collect data from what kind of traffic?
自動標記用於收集哪種類型的數據交通？
Google Ads Campaign traffic
Google Ads廣告系列流量
17.What report indicates where users start or exit the conversion funnel?
什麼報告會指示用戶在哪裡開始或退出轉化渠道？
Goal Flow
目標流
18.Which parameters can be included with an event hit for reporting?
事件匹配中可以包含哪些參數報告？
Category, Action, Label, Value
類別，動作，標籤，值
19.What Remarketing audiences cannot be defined by default?
無法通過以下方式定義哪些再營銷受眾群體默認？
Users who visited a physical store
訪問過實體店的用戶
20.What data is Google Analytics Goals unable to track?
Google Analytics（分析）目標無法跟踪哪些數據？
Customer’s lifetime value
客戶的終生價值
21.In Custom Reports, what must metrics and dimensions share in order to report accurately?
在“自定義報告”中，指標和維度必須共享哪些內容才能準確報告？
Same scope
範圍相同
22.What is used to create Smart Goals?
什麼用於創建智能目標？
Machine-learning algorithms
機器學習算法
23.Which three campaign parameters are recommended to manually track campaigns?
建議使用哪三個廣告系列參數手動跟踪廣告系列？
Medium, Source and Campaign
媒介，來源和廣告系列
24.Filters cannot perform what action on collected data?
篩選器無法對收集的數據執行什麼操作？
Include shopping preferences
包括購物偏好
25.If a user watches a video with event tracking three times in a single session, 
Analytics will count how many Unique Events?
如果用戶在單個會話中觀看了三個帶有事件跟踪的視頻，那麼Google Analytics（分析）將計算出多少個唯一事件？
1
26.What scope levels available for dimensions and metrics?
尺寸和範圍可用的範圍級別指標？
Hit-level, session-level, product-level, or user- level scope
命中級，會話級，產品級或用戶級範圍
27.Which assets cannot be shared in the Solutions Gallery?
解決方案中無法共享哪些資產畫廊？
Custom Dimensions
自定義尺寸
28.Which Goals are available in Google Analytics?
Google Analytics（分析）中可以使用哪些目標？
Destination, Event, Duration, Pages/Screens per Session
目的地，事件，持續時間，頁面/屏幕每節
29.What report identifies browsers that may have had problems with a website?
哪些報告標識了可能擁有的瀏覽器網站有問題嗎？
The Browser and OS report
瀏覽器和操作系統報告
30.What scope would be set for a Custom Dimension that reports membership status for 
a customer rewards program?
將為報告以下項目的成員資格狀態的自定義維度設置什麼範圍客戶獎勵計劃？
User
用戶
31.To track users and sessions across multiple domains,what first must be set up?
要跟踪多個域中的用戶和會話，首先必須設置什麼？
Cross-domain tracking
跨域跟踪
32.When the same default tracking code is installed on pages with different domains, what will result?
當在上安裝了相同的默認跟踪代碼時具有不同域的頁面，結果如何？
Analytics will associate users and sessions with their respective domains
Analytics（分析）會將使用者和工作階段與各自的網域建立關聯
33.What feature would be used to collect how many times users downloaded a product catalog?
什麼功能將被用來收集多少用戶下載產品目錄的次數？
Event Tracking
事件追踪
34.What is a “secondary dimension” in Google Analytics?
Google分析中的“次級維度”是什麼？
An additional report dimension for more specific analysis
附加報告維度，用於更具體的分析
35.When will Google Analytics be unable to identify sessions from the same user by default?
Google Analytics（分析）什麼時候無法識別默認情況下，來自同一用戶的會話？
When the sessions happen in different browsers on the same device
當會話在不同的瀏覽器中發生時在同一台設備上
36.What report shows which web pages get the most traffic and highest engagement?
哪些報告顯示哪些網頁獲得最多的訪問量和最高的參與度？
All Pages report
所有頁面報告
37.What is not considered a “source” in Google Analytics by default?
在Google中不被視為“來源”的內容默認情況下是Analytics（分析）？
email
電子郵件
38.If a user visits a web page with an embedded video, leaves without clicking on anything, 
and the session times out, how will Google Analytics report the session?
如果用戶訪問帶有嵌入式視頻的網頁，不點擊就離開而會話超時，那麼Google Analytics（分析）將如何報告會話？
As a bounce
反彈
39.What is not a benefit of Google Analytics Remarketing?
Google Analytics（分析）沒有什麼好處再行銷？
Allow customers to quickly reorder an item they have previously purchased
允許客戶快速重新訂購商品他們以前購買過
40.View filters may be applied retroactively to any data that has been processed.
視圖過濾器可以追溯地應用於已處理的任何數據。
False
錯誤的
41.What report shows the percentage of traffic that previously visited a website?
哪些報告顯示了以前訪問過一個網站？
Behavior > New vs returning report
行為>新報告與退貨報告
42.Once filters have been applied, what is the option to recover filtered data?
一旦應用了過濾器，可以選擇什麼恢復過濾的數據？
Filtered data is not recoverable
過濾後的數據不可恢復
43.For autotagging, what parameter does Google Ads include in the destination URL?
對於自動標記，Google Ads使用什麼參數包含在目標網址中嗎？
gclid=
44.What report shows the percent of site traffic that visited previously?
哪些報告顯示了網站訪問量所佔的百分比以前去過嗎？
New vs Returning report
新報告與退貨報告
45.What report shows users who initiated sessions over 1-day, 7-day, 14-day, and 30-day periods?
哪些報告顯示了在1天，7天，14天和30天時段內發起會話的用戶？
Active Users report
活動用戶報告
46.To view accurate data in a Custom Report, what action should be avoided?
要在“自定義報告”中查看準確的數據，應該避免採取行動嗎？
Pair metrics and dimensions of different scopes
配對不同範圍的指標和維度
47.How would a view filter be configured to include only users from Brazil and Argentina?
如何將視圖過濾器配置為包括僅來自巴西和阿根廷的用戶？
Filter 1: include Brazil or Argentina
過濾條件1：包括巴西或阿根廷
48.What cannot be collected by the default Analytics tracking code?
默認Google Analytics（分析）無法收集的內容跟踪代碼？
User’s favorite website
用戶最喜歡的網站
49.Views can include website data collected before the view was created.
觀看次數可以包括在訪問之前收集的網站數據視圖已創建。
FALSE
錯誤的
50.What report shows which types of mobile devices visited a website?
什麼報告顯示哪些類型的移動設備訪問了一個網站？
Mobile > Devices report
移動>設備報告
51.Within how many days can a deleted view be restored?
可以在幾天之內刪除一個視圖恢復了嗎？
35
52.What is not a benefit of using segments to analyze data?
使用細分進行分析沒有什麼好處數據？
Permanently modify the data in a view
永久修改視圖中的數據
53.What report provides data on how specific sections of a website performed?
哪份報告提供有關以下方面的數據：一個網站表演？
Content Drilldown report
內容深入報表
54.What criteria could not be used to create a Dynamic Remarketing audience?
不能使用什麼條件創建動態再行銷目標對象？
Users who returned an item they purchased
退回購買商品的用戶
55.What report shows a visual representation of user interactions on a website?
什麼報告顯示用戶的視覺表示網站上的互動？
Behavior Flow report
行為流程報告
56.A new Custom Channel Group may be applied retroactively to organise data that 
has been previously collected.
可以追溯地應用新的自定義渠道組，以組織先前收集的數據。
True
真的
57.When linking a Google Ads account to Google Analytics, what is not possible?
將Google Ads帳號鏈接到Google時Analytics（分析），什麼是不可能的？
Adjust keyword bids in Google Ads fromGoogle Analytics
從調整Google Ads中的關鍵字出價谷歌分析
58.What asset is used to build a remarketing list?
什麼資產用於建立再營銷列表？
Custom Segment
自定義細分
59.If the Google Merchandise Store sets up a URL goal of “/ordercomplete” and a Match Type 
of “Begins with”, which of the following pages on www.googlemerchandisestore.com will NOT count 
as a goal?
如果Google Merchandise Store將URL目標設置為“ / ordercomplete”，並將匹配類型設置為“ Begins with”，那
麼www.googlemerchandisestore.com上的以下哪個頁面不算作目標？
/order/complete.php
60.What does assigning a value to a Google Analytics Goal enable?
如何為Google Analytics（分析）分配值目標實現了嗎？
Compare goal conversions and measure changes to a website
比較目標轉化並衡量對網站的更改
61.When does a default Analytics session expire?
默認的Google Analytics（分析）會話何時過期？
When a user is inactive on a web page for more than 30 minutes
當用戶不活躍在網頁上以獲取更多信息時超過30分鐘
62.What report indicates the last page users viewed before leaving a website?
什麼報告顯示用戶最近瀏覽的頁面離開網站之前？
Exit Pages report
退出頁面報告
63.Google Analytics cannot collect data from which systems by default?
Google Analytics（分析）無法從中收集數據系統默認？
Offline inventory database
離線庫存數據庫
64.What would prevent data from appearing in a Custom Report?
什麼會阻止數據出現在“自定義”中報告？
A filter that removes all the data
刪除所有數據的過濾器
65.Where should the Analytics tracking code be placed in the HTML of a webpage for data collection?
Google Analytics（分析）跟踪代碼應放在何處在網頁的HTML中進行數據收集？
Just before the closing </head> tag
在結束</ head>標記之前
66.Segments will not allow you to do what?
細分將不允許您做什麼？
Permanently alter data
永久更改數據
67.To recognize users across different devices, what is required for User ID?
要識別不同設備上的用戶，什麼是用戶ID是否必需？
Sign-in that generates and sets unique IDs
登錄生成並設置唯一ID
68.What channel is not included in the default Channels report?
默認頻道中不包含哪個頻道報告？
Device
設備
69.What is not a filter setting for data in views?
視圖中數據的過濾器設置不是什麼？
Restore
恢復
70.What feature can join offline business systems data with online data collected by Google Analytics?
什麼功能可以將離線業務系統數據與Google Analytics（分析）收集的在線數據結合起來？
Data import
資料匯入
71.Which reports indicate how website referrals, organic search and ad campaigns assisted in conversions?
哪些報告表明網站的推介方式是自然的搜索和廣告系列有助於轉化？
Multi-Channel Funnel reports
多渠道路徑報告
72.In Multi-Channel Funnel Reports, what channel would not be credited with a conversion?
在“多渠道路徑報告”中，哪個渠道不會歸功於轉換？
Television commercials
電視廣告
73.What type of Custom Report shows a static sortable table with rows of data?
哪種類型的自定義報告顯示靜態可分類有數據行的表？
Flat Table
平面桌
74.What feature is required to track customer search terms on a website?
跟踪客戶搜索需要什麼功能網站上的條款？
Site Search
網站搜尋
75.What is a “metric” in Google Analytics?
什麼是Google Analytics（分析）中的“指標”？
The numbers in a data set often paired with dimensions
數據集中的數字通常與維配對
76.What criteria cannot be used to create a Custom Segment?
哪些條件不能用於創建自定義部分？
Ad type
廣告類型
77.Which default traffic source dimensions does Google Analytics report for each website visitor?
Google Analytics（分析）會為每個網站訪問者報告哪些默認流量來源維度？
Source and Medium
來源和媒介
78.Which user characteristic may NOT be used to change keyword bids in Google Ads?:
哪些用戶特徵可能不習慣更改Google Ads中的關鍵字出價？
ad preference
廣告偏好
79.When does the Analytics tracking code send a pageview hit to Google Analytics?
Google Analytics（分析）跟踪代碼何時發送網頁瀏覽量對Google Analytics（分析）有幫助嗎？
Every time a user loads a webpage with embedded tracking code
每次用戶加載帶有嵌入式跟踪代碼的網頁
80.
81.
82.
83.
84.
85.
86.
87.
88.
89.
90.
91.
92.
93.
94.
95.
96.
97.
98.
99.
100.
101.
102.
